Add `osu! Beatmapping World Championship 2025 Results` news post and update related wiki articles (#14018)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2025/2025-11-25-osu-beatmapping-world-championship-2025-results.md

---
layout: post
title: osu! Beatmapping World Championship 2025 Results
date: 2025-11-25 13:00:00 +0000
---

> Greetings, osu! community! The [osu! Beatmapping World Championship (o!bwc)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/2060957) officially [kicked off](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2025-04-07-osu-beatmapping-world-championship-2025) this April. As of mid-September, after five months of intense battles, the winner was finally determined!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Greetings, osu! community! The [osu! Beatmapping World Championship (o!bwc)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/2060957) officially [kicked off](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2025-04-07-osu-beatmapping-world-championship-2025) this April. As of mid-September, after five months of intense battles, we finally have a winner!
```

> 
> We also hid a bunch of references — like a sudden Megalovania moment and the meme sound of THE ROCK. So of course, we added Sans from Undertale and the iconic THE ROCK slider. Huge thanks to the teammates for their amazing ideas!
> 
> Lastly, I want to thank my incredible teammates — I had a great time working on this. Without you all, Taiwan wouldn't have achieved such an outstanding result.

### [Ice - Conclusio Catastropha (Game Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2425045) by ::{ flag=KR }:: Team South Korea (Semifinal)

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/vWac6_ZrHiw" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

> The map we'd like to talk about is Ice - Conclusio Catastropha (Game Ver.). Going into the semi-finals, we saw Team Taiwan as absolute titans. Acylica was like a broken record, always repeating, "How do we even beat Taiwan?" Honestly, for our team, the semi-finals were our real finals. That was the round where we left everything on the table.
> 

> > To face them, we needed a secret weapon—something completely unexpected. That's how we landed on the crazy idea of making our own Vocaloid cover from scratch. As you can imagine, a lot of the team was against it. We weren't professional composers, and we were on a serious time crunch. But Acylica was so passionate and convincing that we all got on board. The guy even bought the pretty pricey IA2 Vocaloid software just to make it happen. What a legend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To face them, we needed a secret weapon — something completely unexpected. That's how we landed on the crazy idea of making our own Vocaloid cover from scratch. As you can imagine, a lot of the team was against it. We weren't professional composers, and we were on a serious time crunch. But Acylica was so passionate and convincing that we all got on board. The guy even bought the pretty pricey IA2 Vocaloid software just to make it happen. What a legend.
```

> 
> In the last kiai, the map ends with a storm or barrage of sliders raining down the screen to represent the cause of the "ruins" which ties things up very nicely. This may have been our most ambitious map in the competition, but I think we're all satisfied with the ideas and concepts we were able to execute given the tight deadline.

### [Aoi - azure iris](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2414105) by ::{ flag=FR }:: Team France (Quarterfinal)

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/3YFLDlVcxvM" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

> > Hi, [Blacky](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11540165) here! My team and I often work by theme, where the reflection period can take three days or even a week. Since Azure Iris has a double meaning—the pupil of the eye and the flower—we combined these themes with the very mechanical and destructive side of the music by adding "tumors" on our sliders, like petals (or gears) coming out of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Hi, [Blacky](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11540165) here! My team and I often work by theme, where the reflection period can take three days or even a week. Since Azure Iris has a double meaning — the pupil of the eye and the flower — we combined these themes with the very mechanical and destructive side of the music by adding "tumors" on our sliders, like petals (or gears) coming out of them.
```
